Exhibit 10.33
Last Updated: April 6, 2007
CHASE AFFILIATE AGREEMENT
THIS AGREEMENT sets forth the terms and conditions agreed to between Chase Bank USA, N.A. (?Chase?) and you as an “Affiliate” in the Chase
Affiliate Program (the “Affiliate Program”). Once accepted into the Affiliate Program, an Affiliate can establish links from the Affiliate’s Website to
[Chase.com]. Chase will pay Affiliate a fee for each approved credit card account that originates from a link in Affiliate’s Website.
THIS IS A LEGAL AND CONTRACTUALLY BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN AFFILIATE AND CHASE. TO APPLY TO THE AFFILIATE
PROGRAM, YOU MUST COMPLETE AND SUBMIT THE AFFILIATE REGISTRATION FORM AND CLICK ON THE “AGREE” BUTTON BELOW
TO INDICATE YOUR WILLINGNESS TO BE BOUND TO CHASE BY THIS AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT WILL TAKE EFFECT IF AND
WHEN CHASE REVIEWS AND ACCEPTS YOUR REGISTRATION FORM AND PROVIDES YOU NOTICE OF ACCEPTANCE. BY SUBMITTING
YOUR REGISTRATION FORM, AFFILIATE CERTIFIES THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE TERMS SET FORTH BELOW, AND
THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO SUBMIT THIS REGISTRATION FORM BY THE NAMED AFFILIATE.
In connection with your participation in the Affiliate Program, Affiliate and Chase agree as follows:
1. Enrollment in the Affiliate Program; Restricted Content
To enroll in the Affiliate Program, you must submit a complete “Affiliate Registration Form” via the Chase Affiliate Website:
For new affiliates: https://ssl.linksynergy.com/php-bin/reg/sregister.shtml?mid=2291
For existing affiliates: http://www.linkshare.com/joinprograms?oid=87909
Chase will evaluate your registration form and will notify you via e-mail of the acceptance or rejection of your registration form. Chase reserves, in
its sole discretion, with or without reason, the right to accept or reject your registration into the Chase Affiliate Program, including but not limited to
a determination that your site is unsuitable for or incompatible with the Affiliate Program based on the following criteria (collectively “Restricted
Content”):
• Incorporates images or content that is any way unlawful, offensive, profane, harmful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, harassing or racially,
ethically or otherwise objectionable
• Promote illegal activities, including gambling
• Promotes or depicts sexually explicit, obscene or pornographic images
• Promotes or depicts violence or hate speech
• Promotes discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age
Source: CREDITCARDS.COM, INC., S-1, 8/10/2007
• Incorporates any materials which infringe or assist others to infringe on any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights
• Contains or promotes politically sensitive or controversial issues
Chase also reserves the right to terminate this Agreement in the event that any Restricted Content is incorporated on Affiliate’s site after
acceptance of your registration form and the commencement of the term of this Agreement. Chase may also terminate this Agreement if your site is
deemed unsuitable based on the criteria below:
• Manipulates key word searches on portals
• Misrepresents itself as a Chase Website by altering the visual “look and feel” of or text from Chase’s site, and/or engage in “framing” the Chase
Website
• Engages in domain squatting
• Engages in spamming or unsolicited commercial e-mail
• Engages in unauthorized telemarketing or remarketing of Chase Credit Card offers via telephone
• Uses Chase products and services in the domain name, URL or URI, including, but not limited to, any combination of the following words:
• JP
• MORGAN
• CHASE
• MANHATTAN
• AARP
• AMAZON.COM
• BALL STATE UNIVERSITY
• BORDERS
• BRITISH AIRWAYS
• CASH PLUS
• CHASE FREEDOM
• CENTRAL MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY
• CONTINENTAL
• CORNELL UNIVERSITY
• DISNEY
• DUKE UNIVERSITY
• FLEXIBLE REWARDS
• FREE CASH
• HARVARD COOP
• HESS
• HOME IMPROVEMENT
• LEHIGH UNIVERSITY
• LOUISIANA STATE UNIVERSITY
• MARATHON
• MARRIOTT
• MIAMI UNIVERSITY
• OHIO UNIVERSITY
• OVERSTOCK
• PERFECT CARD
• PRIORITY CLUB / HOLIDAY INN
• SONY
• SOUTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY
• SPEEDWAY SUPER AMERICA
Source: CREDITCARDS.COM, INC., S-1, 8/10/2007
• STARBUCKS
• SUBARU
• TEMPLE UNIVERSITY
• TOYS "R" US
• TRAVEL PLUS
• TRUMP
• ULTIMATE REWARDS
• UNITED
• UNIVERSAL
• UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA ATHLETICS
• UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO
• UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA
• UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON
• UNIVERSITY OF IDAHO
• UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY
• UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND
• UNIVERSITY OF MEMPHIS
• UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA ATHLETICS
• UNIVERSITY OF NOTRE DAME
• UNIVERSITY OF OKLAHOMA
• UNIVERSITY OF OREGON
• UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH CAROLINA
• UNIVERSITY OF TENNESSEE
• UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA
• UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY
• VALUE MILES
• VIRGINIA TECH APPROVED ACCOUNT
• VOLKSWAGEN
• WESTERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY
• YALE UNIVERSTIY
• Uses a proxy server or redirector server to proxy Chase web pages or web sites through your website, URL or URI
• Otherwise violates intellectual property rights, including, without limitation, “scraping” text or images from Chase’s Website
• Does not clearly state an online privacy policy to its visitors
• Is based outside of the United States
• Is otherwise considered offensive or inappropriate, at Chase’s discretion
2. Affiliate Responsibilities:
• Affiliate cannot use or implement creative that is not available through the Link Share affiliate interface.
• Affiliates may not harvest or collect personal information, or email addresses using the Chase brand without the written consent of Chase
• If Affiliate manages a sub-affiliate network, upon Chase’s request, Affiliate shall promptly provide Chase with a current, written list identifying the
sub-affiliates or other third parties associated.
• Chase reserves the right to review and approve all sub-affiliate partners.
• Chase shall only use the list for the sole purpose of administering the program and monitoring proper usage, and will not poach or contact
subaffiliates directly.
• Affiliates will not use the following product keyword search terms. (See Appendix)
Source: CREDITCARDS.COM, INC., S-1, 8/10/2007
• If Affiliate manages a sub-affiliate network, the Affiliate may not pay sub-affiliates or other partners higher referral fees than the lowest tier of the
public offer ($55.00).
• Affiliate is prohibited from (a) installing spyware on another person’s computer, (b) causing spyware to be installed on another person’s
computer, or (c) using a context based triggering mechanism to display an advertisement that partially or wholly covers or obscures paid
advertising or other content on an Internet website in a way that interferes with a user’s ability to view the Internet website.
3. Referral Fee
For each Approved Account (as defined in section 4 below) received through Affiliate’s site, Affiliate will earn a referral fee calculated in
accordance with the schedule set forth below (“Commission”) paid monthly.
• Tiered or flat commission based on private offer terms in the network.
Chase reserves the right to alter above referral fees from time to time upon written notice to Affiliate of such change.
4. Approved Account
For purposes of determining Affiliate’s Commission, an “Approved Account” means any Chase credit card application that is: (i) submitted by any
user who clicks on an e-mail, banner or any other advertising material from Affiliate’s Website; (ii) is approved by Chase; and (iii) is reported as
approved by Chase to Affiliate.
5.Term of this Agreement
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by
either party. Either Affiliate or Chase may terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, by giving the other party written or e-mail
notice of termination. At the time of termination, any links to Chase’s Website must be removed immediately. Affiliate will continue to receive
Commission payments for all Approved Accounts placed during the term of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Chase may
terminate this Agreement if Affiliate does not comply with the terms and conditions herein.
6. Links
Affiliate agrees to place Chase’s links provided by Linkshare Network TM which manages the Affiliate Program (“Links”) on its Affiliate’s website.
Affiliate is responsible for obtaining prior written approval from the Chase Affiliate manager or Linkshare Network to link any or all other sites
owned or managed by the Affiliate, other than the site that was approved at the time of original registration. Affiliate may select or remove Links, at
any time without prior approval from Chase. Affiliate is also responsible for removing and/or informing Chase of potential inactive or misdirected
Links. Affiliate agrees to cooperate with Chase in establishing and maintaining Links.
Source: CREDITCARDS.COM, INC., S-1, 8/10/2007
7. Order Processing
Chase will be solely responsible for processing each order placed by a customer from Affiliate’s Links. Customers may only use the Chase on-line
application process to apply for a Chase credit card. “Customers” are defined herein as individuals who apply for Chase credit cards through a link
in Affiliate’s Web site. Chase shall be responsible for administering application forms and related customer service. All of the rules, operating
procedures and policies of Chase regarding customer orders and accounts will apply to orders received through the Links. Chase reserves the right
to reject any credit card application in its sole discretion.
8. Tracking of Sales
Chase will be solely responsible for tracking Approved Accounts made to customers who follow Affiliate’s Links. Affiliate will be solely
responsible for ensuring that the Links are formatted properly and maintained in a manner, which allows Chase to track such Approved Accounts.
No Commission shall be paid if the Approved Account cannot be tracked by Chase’s system or if the customer accesses the Chase site through
means other than the Links. Chase will provide Affiliate with statements of Approved Account activity at the time Commissions are paid.
9. Terms and Conditions of Credit Cards
Chase is solely responsible for determining the terms and conditions of the credit cards. The credit card offers may vary from time to time and are
subject to change. Affiliate may not specify details regarding the Chase credit card on their Websites without the prior approval of Chase.
10. Chase Customers
Customers who apply for Chase credit cards through the Chase Affiliate Program are customers of Chase. Affiliate has no authority to make or
accept any offer on behalf of Chase. All Chase policies regarding customer orders, including availability, pricing and problem resolution, will apply
to these customers. Affiliate has no authority to make, and Chase is not responsible for, any representations made by Affiliate that contradict these
policies.
11. Product Descriptions
Affiliate will only use credit card descriptions provided or approved in writing by Chase.
12. Copyrighted Material
Affiliate is solely responsible for ensuring that its reviews and articles obey all applicable copyright and other laws. Generally, Affiliate must have
express permission to use another party’s copyrighted or other proprietary material. Chase is not responsible for Affiliate’s improper use of another
party’s copyrighted or proprietary material.
Source: CREDITCARDS.COM, INC., S-1, 8/10/2007
13. Commercial Use
This program is intended for commercial use only. Commissions are payable for Approved Accounts to third parties who access the Chase URL's
(marketing pages) through the Links located on Affiliate’s sponsoring Web site. Affiliates who use this program to apply for credit cards for their
own use are NOT in violation of this Agreement.
14. Trademarks
All Chase trademarks, trade names and service marks (collectively, the “Marks”) are the exclusive property of Chase. Notwithstanding anything set
forth in this Agreement, Chase reserves full ownership of the Marks and the Licensed Materials (as defined below). All
use of the Marks by Affiliate is limited solely to the use contemplated by this Agreement. All use of Chase Marks by Affiliate is subject to the prior
written approval of Chase.
15. Licenses and Use of the Chase Logos and Trademarks
Chase grants Affiliate a non-exclusive, nontransferable, revocable right to (a) access the Chase site through the links solely in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement and (b) solely in connection with such links, to use Chase’s logos, trade names, trademarks, and similar identifying material
relating to Chase (collectively, the “Licensed Materials”), for the sole purpose of booking Chase products. Prior to using any of the Licensed
Materials, Affiliate will submit to Chase for approval a draft of all proposed material that incorporates the Licensed Materials, together with a brief
statement setting forth the proposed use of such materials and any other background or supporting material reasonably requested by Chase to
allow Chase to make an informed judgment. All such materials shall be submitted to Chase at least seven (7) days prior to the date of first intended
use. Chase will notify Affiliate of its approval or disapproval of such materials within five (5) business days of its receipt of all information required
to be submitted.
The approval or disapproval of such materials will be in Chase’s sole discretion. Any materials not receiving Chase’s specific written preliminary
approval will be deemed disapproved. Affiliate may not alter, modify, or change the Licensed Materials in any way. Affiliate is only entitled to use
the licensed materials to the extent that it is a member in good standing of the Chase Affiliate Program. Affiliate agrees not to use the Licensed
Materials in any manner that is disparaging or that otherwise portrays Chase in a negative light. Chase may revoke Affiliate’s license at any time.
16. Service Interruption
Certain technical difficulties may, from time to time, result in service interruptions. Affiliate agrees not to hold Chase responsible for the
consequences of such interruptions.
17. Indemnification
Source: CREDITCARDS.COM, INC., S-1, 8/10/2007
Affiliate hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Chase, its shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates and their
respective directors, officers, employees and agents, successors and assigns, from and against any and all claims, demands, losses, liabilities,
damages or expenses (including attorneys’ fees and costs) of any nature whatsoever incurred or suffered by Chase (collectively the “losses”), in so
far as such losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of, are related to, or are based on (i) the breach of any representation, warranty, or
covenant made by Affiliate herein; or (ii) any claim related to Affiliate’s site.
18. Confidentiality
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or with the consent of the other party hereto, each of the parties hereto agrees that all information
including, without limitation, the terms of this Agreement, business and financial information, customer and vendor lists, and pricing and sales
information, concerning Chase, Customer or Affiliate shall remain strictly confidential and secret and shall not be utilized, directly or indirectly, by
such party for its own business purposes or for any other purpose except and solely to the extent necessary to exercise rights and perform
obligations under this Agreement. The foregoing restrictions will not apply to information to the extent it (i) was known to the receiving party at the
time of disclosure; (ii) has become publicly known through no wrongful act of the receiving party; (iii) has been rightfully received from a third
party under no obligation to the disclosing party; (iv) has been disclosed by court order or as otherwise required by law if the receiving party has
given the disclosing party a reasonable opportunity to contest or limit the scope of such required disclosure.
19. Modification
Chase reserves the right to change any and all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement, at any time and in its sole discretion, by posting a
new agreement on its Website. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the amount of Commissions, the definition of Approved Accounts,
and all other provisions of this Agreement are subject to change without notice other than posting such information on the Chase Website. IF ANY
MODIFICATION IS UNACCEPTABLE TO AFFILIATE, THE ONLY RECOURSE IS TO TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT. AFFILIATE’S
CONTINUED PARTICIPATION IN THE AFFILIATE PROGRAM FOLLOWING CHASE’S POSTING OF A NEW AGREEMENT ON ITS WEB SITE
WILL CONSTITUTE BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGE.
20. Warranty Disclaimer
Chase makes no warranties, representations or conditions with regard to the Chase Affiliate Program or any services provided hereunder, whether
express or implied, arising by law or otherwise, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF
PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
Source: CREDITCARDS.COM, INC., S-1, 8/10/2007
21. Limitation of Damages
Chase shall have no liability for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages or any loss of revenue or profits arising under or with
respect to this Agreement or the Affiliate Program, regardless of whether Chase has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Further,
Chase’s aggregate liability arising under or with respect to this Agreement or the Affiliate Program shall in no event exceed the total Commissions
paid or payable by Chase to Affiliate under this
Agreement.
22. Independent Investigation
AFFILIATE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT, HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH ITS OWN LEGAL
ADVISERS IF IT SO DESIRED, AND AGREES TO ALL ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. AFFILIATE AGREES THAT, IN INTERPRETING THIS
AGREEMENT, NO WEIGHT SHALL BE PLACED UPON THE FACT THAT THIS AGREEMENT HAS BEEN DRAFTED BY CHASE, AND IT SHALL
NOT ASSERT THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS UNENFORCEABLE OR INVALID ON THE GROUNDS THAT IT IS A CONTRACT OF ADHESION,
THAT IT IS UNCONSCIONABLE, OR ANY SIMILAR THEORY. AFFILIATE UNDERSTANDS THAT CHASE MAY AT ANY TIME (DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY) SOLICIT CUSTOMER REFERRALS ON TERMS THAT MAY DIFFER FROM THOSE CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT.
23. Governing Law
This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Delaware, including its conflict with law provisions.
Accept.
Appendix
List of Restricted Trademark Terms
Partner Restricted Trademark Terms
Chase Brand Add Chase as a negative Keyword to your Search strategy.
In addition, the following terms are prohibited: Chase, Chase bank, www.chase.com, www.creditcardsatchase.com, www.chasecreditcard.com,
chase.com, creditcardsatchase.com, chasecreditcard.com,
chase credit card, chase credit cards, Chase Freedom, Freedom Card
AARP AARP.org, AARP.com, AARP membership, AARPmagazine.com, AARPhealthcare.com, AARP foundation, AARP passport,
www.travelocity.com/AARP, AARP Bulletin, American Association of Retired Persons, AARP Insurance, AARP partner, AARP providers, AARP
advocacy, Segunda Juventud, AARP Hot Deals
Amazon Amazon, Amazon.com, www.amazon.com, Amazon Books, Amazon DVD, Amazon Movies, Amazon Music
Borders Borders, Borders Stores, Borders Books, www.borders.com, www.bordersbooks.com
Waldenbooks, Waldenbooks Stores, www.waldenbooks.com, www.waldenbooksstores.com
Source: CREDITCARDS.COM, INC., S-1, 8/10/2007
British Air British Airways, British Air, www.britishairways.com, www.ba.com, ba,
Continental See Continental Tab
Disney See “Disney” Tab
Hess Hess, www.hess.com, Amerada
Holiday Inn/Priority Club Holiday Inn, Holiday Inn Express, Priority Club, IHG, www.ichotelsgroup.com, Inter Continental, Inter Continental Hotels
Group, Crowne Plaza, Hotel Indigo, Staybridge Suites, Candlewood Suites,
Marathon Marathon, Marathon Oil, Marathon Petroleum Company, Speedway, Speedway Super America, Super America
Marriott www.marriottrewards.com, www.marriott.com, Marriott, Marriott Rewards
Overstock overstock.com, www.overstock.com, overstocked.com, overstock/com, overstock com, overstock com, overstockcom, overstock .com,
overstock?com, overstock>com, overstock, overstocked.com, overstocks.com,
over stock.com, overstock .com, overstockcom
Sony Sony, www.sonystyle.com, Image Station, My Sony, Vaio, Ever Quest
Speedway Speedway Super America, Speedway, Super America, Speedy Rewards, Marathon, Marathon Oil, Marathon Petroleum Company
Starbucks Starbucks, Starbucks Coffee, Starbucks Foundation, Starbucks Coffee Company, Starbucks Corporation
Subaru Subaru, My Subaru, Subaru World, Subaru of America
Toys www.toysrus.com, Toysrus.com, Toys “R” Us, Toys “R” Us International, Kids”R”Us, Babies”R”Us, Babiesrus.com, Toyologist,
Toysrus/Amazon, Babiesrus/Amazon, www.personalizedbyrus.com
Trump Trump, www.trump.com, The Apprentice, Trumped, Trump University, Trump Taj Mahal, Trump Plaza, Trump Marina, Trump Indiana, Trump
Club Privee, Trump National Golf Club, Trump Tower, Trump Park Avenue, Trump World Tower, Trump International Hotel & Tower, Trump Place,
Trump Palace, Trump Parc & Trump Parc East, Trump Grande, Mar-a-Lago
United See “United” Tab
Universal Universal, Universal Studios, Universal Movies, Unviersal Entertainment, Universal Hollywood, www.universal.com, Universal movie
tickets, universal movie ticket, universal theme parks, universal discount, universal discounts, universal ticket, universal tickets, universal vacation,
universal vacations, universal travel, universal deals, universal offer, universal offers, universal park, universal parks, universal getaway, universal
getaways, universal family getaway, universal family getaways, universal deal, universal deals
Volkswagen Volkswagen, Volkswagen International, Volkswagen Group, Volkswagen AG, Audi
Disney Restricted Key Words
cheap disney vacation disney world vacations
cheap disney vacations disneyland bargain
child vacation disneyland bargains
childrens vacations disneyland cheap
discount disney travel disneyland discount
discount disney vacation disneyland discounts
discount disney vacations disneyland offer
discount vacation disneyland offers
discount vacations disneyland promotion
Source: CREDITCARDS.COM, INC., S-1, 8/10/2007
disney disneyland promotions
disney bargain disneyland save
disney bargains disneyland save
disney cheap disneyland savings
disney cruise disneyland savings
disney cruise vacations disneyland travel
disney deal disneyland trip
disney discount disneyland trips
disney family vacation disneyland vacation
disney family vacations disneyland vacations
disney florida vacation disneyworld bargain
disney florida vacations disneyworld bargains
disney golf vacations disneyworld cheap
disney honeymoon disneyworld offer
disney honeymoon vacation disneyworld offers
disney honeymoons disneyworld promotions
disney offer disneyworld save
disney offers disneyworld savings
disney package disneyworld vacation
disney package vacations disneyworld vacations
disney promotion family vacation
disney promotions family vacations
disney resort kid vacation
disney resort vacation kids vacations
disney resort vacations magic kingdom
disney resorts orlando disney vacations
disney savings orlando rentals
disney travel orlando vacations
disney travel package special disney travel
disney vacation special vacation packages
disney vacation club walt disney bargain
disney vacations walt disney bargains
disney vacations florida walt disney cheap
disney vacations orlando walt disney deal
disney world bargain walt disney deals
disney world bargains walt disney offer
disney world cheap walt disney offers
disney world discount walt disney resort vacations
disney world offer walt disney save
disney world offers walt disney savings
disney world package walt disney vacation
disney world save walt disney vacations
disney world savings walt disney world vacation
disney world vacation walt disney world vacations
United Restricted Key Words
united airlines united air fare
united united airlines reservations online
united air united airline fare
united.com United Escapes
united airline international united flights
www.united.com untied air
united flight united first class
unitedairlines.com United Vacation
Source: CREDITCARDS.COM, INC., S-1, 8/10/2007
UAL united travel
united airlines.com united star alliance
ual.com united airlines specials
united air lines united discounts
www.unitedairlines.com united trip
united airlines schedule travel with united
united airline travel united airlines discounts
united reservation united airlines official website
www.ual.com united business class
united express united airlines airports
united reservations united airlines star alliance
www.united airlines.com united non-stop flights
united fares united packages
united airline flight international united travel
united and airlines united airlines economy plus
United Vacations united airports
united airlines tickets united group travel
united airlines flights United Escape
united express airlines easy update
united flights united air vacations
unitedair united fare sale
United airfare united last minute fares
www.united airlines united efares
untied airlines united getaways
www.unitedairlines united low fares
united airline.com united airlines bookings
united air line cities united flies
united airlines travel fly on united
united airlines homepage united airlines group travel
united airlines website united airlines travel certificates
united destinations United Easy Update
united airline flights united airlines business travel
united airlines home page united special deals
United airfares united business travel
e-fares untiedair
united airlines site united economy class
united airlines fares united package deals
www.unitedairline.com international united ticket
united airlines home international united tickets
united airlines vacations shop for united flights
vacation travel United Easy Update
united specials fly with united
www.united airline.com united e fares
unitied airlines united travel certificates
united deals united air star alliance
international united flight united fare search
united airlines online United Escapes
united e-fares international united flight
united airlines cities united airlines online
united air fare united e-fares
united airlines reservations online united airlines cities
united airline fare
Source: CREDITCARDS.COM, INC., S-1, 8/10/2007
Continental Restricted Key Words
Continental airlines Continental air fare
Continental Continental airlines reservations online
continental.com Continental airline fare
continental airline international Continental flights
www.continental.com Continental air
continental flight Continental first class
continental air lines Continental Vacation
continental airlines schedule Continental travel
continental airline travel Continental airlines specials
continental reservation Continental discounts
continental reservations Continental trip
continental fares travel with Continental
continental airline flight Continental airlines discounts
continental and airlines Continental airlines official website
Continental Vacations Continental business class
continental airlines tickets Continental airlines airports
continental airlines flights Continental non stop flights
continental flights
continental airlines Continental packages
continental air line International Continental travel
continental airlines travel Continental airports
continental airlines homepage Continental group travel
continental airlines website Continental air vacations
continental destinations Continental fare sale
continental airlines vacations Continental last minute fares
continental air fare Continental getaways
continental airlines reservations online Continental low fares
continental airline fare Continental airlines bookings
international continental flight cities Continental flies
continental airlines online fly on Continental
continental airlines cities Continental airlines group travel
Continental economy class Continental airlines travel certificates
Continental package deals Continental airlines business travel
international Continental ticket Continental special deals
international Continental tickets Continental business travel
shop for Continental flights fly with Continental
Source: CREDITCARDS.COM, INC., S-1, 8/10/2007