Exhibit 10.8
Affiliate Program / Premium Affiliate Management General
Terms and Conditions
The following General Terms and Conditions are intended for (i) Web site
owners (hereafter, "Affiliates") who wish to participate as Affiliates in
the Affiliate Program provided by element 5 (governed by II. and IV. in
these General Terms and Conditions) on the basis of these General Terms and
Conditions and also for (ii) Software Publishers who distribute their
software products as downloads using the services of element 5 Gmb H,
Vogelsanger Strasse 78, 50823 Cologne, Germany and its subsidiaries
(together hereafter, "element 5") and who wish to make use of the
additional service provided by element 5 (hereafter, "Affiliate
Management", governed under III. and IV. in these General Terms and
Conditions) for integration of the Affiliate Program provided by element 5.
I. Object of the Affiliate Program/ Affiliate Management Program for
Software Publishers
The object of the Affiliate Program provided by element 5 (hereafter,
"Program") is to publish electronic advertisements on the Web site of the
Affiliate for selected software products offered by element 5 Software
Publishers. Instead of fixed compensation, the Affiliate receives result-
dependent Advertising Cost Compensation (also known in the element 5
Control Panel as "Commission") in exchange for publishing the
advertisements. The Advertising Cost Compensation depends on the actual
sales generated by end users referred via the electronic advertisement (the
Affiliate's link).
Within the context of sales processed from this Program, element 5 acts (to
the end user) as a service provider for Software Publisher and handles the
sales process by proxy of Software Publisher in accordance with underlying
share-it! Developer Agreement. element 5 receives an additional service fee
from the participating Publishers for this Affiliate Management.
Under the terms of this Affiliate Management, "Software Publisher's Control
Panel" shall mean the password protected secure interface on element 5's
Web servers that allows the Software Publisher to gain access to Sales data
and End User data through a secure online connection and change Software
Publisher related settings, e.g. the commission of the Affiliate and
activation and deactivation of the Affiliate.
"Affiliate's Control Panel" shall mean the password protected secure
interface on element 5's Web servers that allows the Affiliate to (i) gain
access to referred sales through a secure online connection and (ii) change
Affiliate related settings, e.g. input or alteration of personal data,
definition of default style within the context of the given technical
limitations, and requests for new partnerships with Software Publishers or
termination of existing partnerships.
Source: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005
II. Affiliate Program
§ 1 Affiliate Participation
Participation of an individual Affiliate in the Program is dependent on
activation by the Software Publisher. Once the Affiliate has registered,
element 5 will send an e-mail to Software Publisher with a request to
activate the Affiliate. Once the Affiliate is activated by the Software
Publisher, the Affiliate is considered to be a participant in this program
and is bound by these General Terms and Conditions.
§ 2 Products under the Agreement
(1) The Products under the Agreement are software products designated by
the respective Software Publisher for this purpose and which can be
selected by the Affiliate from a product catalog in the Affiliate Control
Panel.
(2) Following initial activation of a product under the agreement, the
Affiliate has the opportunity to choose further software products
(including those from other Software Publishers), found in the Affiliate's
Control Panel, and offer them on the Affiliate's Web site under these
General Terms and Conditions. However, the offering of these new products
is dependent on the Software Publisher activating the Affiliate for the
respective software.
§ 3 Control Panel
(1) After successfully completing the registration process for
participation in the Program, the Affiliate will be sent a user ID and a
password to access to the "Affiliate Control Panel". With the user ID and
password, the "Affiliate Control Panel" provides the Affiliate access, via
a secure online connection, to a secure area on element 5's Web server so
that the Affiliate may, at any time, view the number of software sales the
Affiliate has referred, as well as change other settings.
(2) When using the user ID and password, the Affiliate shall observe the
following obligations and precautions: (i) Only the Affiliate may use the
user ID and password. (ii) The password shall be kept strictly
confidential. The Affiliate shall take due care to ensure that no
unauthorized parties learn the password. (iii) If the Affiliate loses its
password or if there is a possibility that an unauthorized party has
learned the user ID and password, the Affiliate shall immediately report
this to element 5, which can then block access by the Affiliate to the
Control Panel. All actions carried out with the user ID and password will
be attributed to the Affiliate.
§ 4 Integration of the Link
(1) The Affiliate shall integrate the product under the agreement using the
appropriate link on its Web site; the link points to the order form
operated by element 5. This link is generated by a Link Generator for the
respective product under the agreement. The Link
Source: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005
Generator is located in the secure area of element 5's Web site in the
"Affiliate Control Panel". The link that is generated contains an
individualized affiliate user ID by means of which any sales can be
attributed to the Affiliate. Proper technical integration of the link is
the responsibility of the Affiliate. If the links do not function, no
Advertising Cost Compensation will be paid.
(2) The Affiliate shall indicate on its Web site that (i) the Affiliate is
acting as an independent partner of the respective Software Publisher by
participation in the Affiliate Program provided by element 5 and (ii) The
Software Publisher is the seller of the product and the payment process is
administered by element 5.
(3) The Affiliate shall produce a brief description for each activated
product on its Web site. The Affiliate is responsible for the content, the
style and the layout of this information. The Software Publisher can
provide the Affiliate with graphics and text in an electronic format for
use in describing the product, which the Affiliate shall use for the
purpose of advertising the Products under the Agreement and links according
to the instructions of the Software Publisher. The Affiliate should be
aware that the product prices and availability may change at any time. It
is not recommended that the price be listed on the Web site of the
Affiliate. Maintenance of these product prices is possible only on the Web
sites of the Software Publisher and the Publisher's corresponding site
operated by element 5.
§ 5 Order Processing
(1) element 5 shall be responsible for the entire order processing for the
referred end user according to the terms and conditions of the underlying
share-it! Developer Agreement between the Software Publisher and element 5.
element 5 shall provide the order forms for the order processing on its Web
server; receive payments from the referred end users and forward these
payments, less the agreed Advertising Cost Compensation, the service fees
and relevant value added tax (VAT) to the Software Publisher; handle
refunds and returns according to the provisions of the underlying share-it!
Developer Agreement; and provide end user service relating to the
administration of the order. The Software Publisher shall provide technical
end-user service.
(2) element 5 reserves the right to reject queries and orders which do not
meet its requirements; including, in particular, orders by referred end
users who do not meet credit requirements, who do not authorize direct
debiting from their bank account, or who do not present a valid credit
card.
(3) An agreement by the Software Publisher with the referred end user does
not exist until either a written or electronic order confirmation arrives
from element 5 in the name of the Software Publisher or when element 5
begins to fulfill the agreement in the name of the Software Publisher.
Typographical, printing and computation errors on the Web site of the
Affiliate shall be charged to said Affiliate.
§ 6 Advertising Cost Compensation
(1) element 5 will pay Affiliate its advertising costs (including Vat, if
any, on presentation of a valid VAT invoice) if an end user arrives via the
link integrated in Affiliate's Web site at the order page hosted by element
5 for the respective Software
Source: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005
Publisher's Product under this Agreement and end user uses the automatic
ordering system that carries out the registration and payment processing,
so that the Affiliate's link is deemed to be directly causative for the
entry of the End User into the agreement with the Software Publisher and
End User's payment, proving that all requirements are irrevocably met
("agreements arising in a qualified manner"). Affiliate is only eligible to
earn the Advertising Cost Compensation on sales occurring during the term
of this Agreement and fees earned up to the date termination will remain
payable only if the related orders are not cancelled or returned.
(2) Insofar as the referred end user accepts cookies when clicking on
Affiliate's link, proceeds from orders will be taken into account which do
arise within the lifespan (of max. 180 days) of the cookie(s) used and/ or
possibly within the lifespan of a special action of the Software Publisher
via integrated link.
(3) element 5 shall record and compute on a monthly basis the amount of
said Advertising Cost Compensation for the Affiliate.
(4) The computation basis for determining the value of the Advertising Cost
Compensation is calculated by the gross sales price (including taxes,
shipping and handling, etc.) actually invoiced to the referred end user.
The percentage of the respective Advertising Cost Compensation shall be
stipulated by the Software Publisher, but shall not exceed 50% of the
effective gross sales price of the software.
(5) The Advertising Cost Compensation shall not be paid if and insofar as
it is determined that the end user will not meet its payment obligations or
will meet them only partially, or if for any other reason the invoice to
the end user was cancelled (e.g. in cases where a charge back of a credit
card charge, a debit advice or other return or refund of the software
product occurs). If the Advertising Cost Compensation was previously paid
by element 5, it can be offset or invoiced to Affiliate at element 5's own
discretion.
(6) The payment of the Advertising Cost Compensation shall occur monthly
insofar as the sum due exceeds a value of 100 EUR / 100 USD. If this is not
the case, the sum due can be retained until a total value of at least 100
EUR / 100 USD is reached, at the latest, upon termination of the
Affiliate's participation in the Program.
(7) The payment can be made by wire transfer, Direct Deposit (US only) or
check, as chosen by the Affiliate.
(8) The invoicing is deemed to be approved if the Affiliate does not object
in writing, including a statement of reasons, within four weeks.
III. Affiliate Management for Software Publishers
§ 1 Participation by the Software Publisher
(1) Software Publisher's participation in Affiliate Management indicates
that the Software Publisher agrees to these General Terms and Conditions,
and that the Software Publisher shall integrate the Affiliate Program into
the Web site using a corresponding link.
(2) To generate revenue through this Program by means of sales referred by
the Affiliate, the Affiliate, after completion of registration, must be
activated by the Software Publisher in the Control Panel. The Software
Publisher will be informed of the Affiliate's
Source: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005
registration per e-mail with a request for the Affiliate's activation from
element 5.
(3) By configuring the settings in the Control Panel, the Software
Publisher determines the amount of the success-based Advertising Cost
Compensation. If the Publisher does not configure any settings, then it
will accept the default settings proposed by element 5 when activating the
Affiliate. Prior to making changes in the Control Panel regarding the
amount of the Advertising Cost Compensation, written notification must be
given to element 5 and the Affiliate.
§ 2 Integration of the link
(1) element 5 shall make a hyperlink available to the Software Publisher
that links to the appropriate registration form for the Affiliate Program.
The link can be accessed in the secure "Software Publisher Control Panel"
on element 5's Web site under "Affiliate Management".
(2) Every Affiliate must complete the registration form once prior to
participating in the Program and agree to these General Terms and
Conditions by checking the Online checkbox. Afterwards, the Affiliate can
also advertise other Products under this Agreement (see above § 3) after
activation by the respective Software Publisher.
§ 3 element 5's Service Fee
For each sale administered by element 5 of the Software under this
Agreement, element 5 shall receive an additional service fee of 2% of the
gross sales price (including taxes, shipping and handling, etc.) as well as
the Advertising Cost Compensation defined in II. § 6 (4) and in addition to
VAT or sales tax (where applicable). element 5 will pay the Affiliate the
Advertising Cost Compensation as defined in II. § 6 . Further invoicing
terms are obtained from the existing business relationship, defined in the
respective share-it! Developer Agreement between Software Publisher and
element 5.
IV. General terms
§ 1 License
Upon activation of the Affiliate, the Software Publisher grants the
Affiliate a non-exclusive, revocable right to use provided advertising
material, notices and all further presentations (insofar as available -
also known hereafter as "Material") only for the purpose of designating its
Web site as a "partner Web site" and presenting the designated advertising
Material. Under no circumstances may the transferred Material be edited or
modified without prior written permission of the Software Publisher.
element 5 and the Software Publisher retain all rights with regard to their
logos, their trade name or their trademarks and other commercial protection
rights. The Software Publisher and element 5 are authorized to revoke the
license granted to the Affiliate at any time by written notice.
Source: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005
§ 2 Changes to these provisions
element 5 RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY AND TO SUPPLEMENT THESE GENERAL
TERMS AND CONDITIONS AT ANY TIME. THE CURRENT VERSION WILL BE MAINTAINED
FOR VIEWING AS A HYPERLINK ON element 5's WEB SITE IN THE CONTROL PANEL.
MOREOVER, element 5 WILL ANNOUNNOUNCE ANY CHANGES TO THESE TERMS VIA E-
MAIL. WHITHIN 14 DAYS OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF CHANGED PARTICIPATION TERMS,
AFFILIATE AND SOFTWARE PUBLISHER MAY OBJECT TO SUCH CHANGES. IF NO
OBJECTION IS RECEIVED DURING THIS TIME, THE PARTICIPANT IS DEEMED TO HAVE
ACCEPTED THE CHANGES AND THEY WILL BECOME PART OF THE EXISTING RELATIONS
UNDER THE AGREEMENT.
§ 3 Correspondenceont>
Correspondence shall take place preferably via e-mail, which is accorded
the same status as postal mail. Qualifying dates are always agreed as
"Receipt by Recipient", unless otherwise noted. For e-mail, the receipt of
the message on the destination mail server is deemed to be the time of
reception.
§ 4 Independence of Relations under the Agreement
The parties to the contract shall operate their Web sites independently of
one another and are solely responsible for the content, technology used,
and design. This agreement may not be construed as establishing between the
parties a company or an association, nor does it establish an employment
relationship or a commercial agent agreement. The parties to this agreement
are not authorized to act in the name of the other party and / or to accept
offers or make any statements on behalf of the other party. As an exception
to the previous sentence, element 5 is authorized to make statements on
behalf of the Software Publisher pursuant to these T&C and the element 5
vendor agreement (formerly known as e-sales contract).
§ 5 Guarantee by the Party to the Agreement for its Web site
(1) The Affiliate shall be responsible for the entire content of its Web
site. The Affiliate guarantees in particular that (i) It will integrate
advertising Material according to the provisions and instructions of the
Software Publisher into that Affiliate's Web site insofar as said Material
was transferred to the Affiliate; (ii) The material used the Affiliate's
Web site will not contain any representations of violence, sexually related
contents or discriminatory statements or representations with regard to
race, sex, religion, nationality, handicap, sexual preference and
orientation, or age, nor will said Material be unlawful in any way; (iii)
The Material used on the Affiliate's homepage will not infringe upon the
rights of third parties, particularly patents, copyrights, trademarks or
other commercial protection rights as well as general personality rights
and cannot be mistaken for the products of the Software Publisher and/or
element 5 or a Web site operated by the Software Publisher and/or element
5; (iv) It will not send any e-mail without the express
Source: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005
consent of the receiver(s) (no spam e-mails).
(2) The Affiliate shall guarantee the above named properties of its Web
sites and will pay defense costs and indemnify and keep fully indemnified
the Software Publisher and element 5, its subsidiaries and its and their
directors, officers, employees and agents upon demand from any and all
claims, demands, costs, liabilities, losses, expenses, and damages
(including reasonable attorneys' fees, costs, and expert witnesses' fees)
arising out of or in connection with any breach by Affiliate of its
warranty set out in this clause.
§ 6 Limitation of liability
(1) The parties exclude mutual liability for slightly negligent violation
of obligations in connection with this agreement, with the exception of §
16 and § 5 (3) of this agreement. This includes in particular the liability
exclusion for lost profit, the loss of data or interruption to or errors in
the operation of the Web site of the Affiliate. The above liability
exclusion also applies to the personal liability of employees,
representatives and persons employed to perform the obligations of the
parties to the agreement. The limitation of liability does not apply to
claims arising through initial incapacity or in case of justifiable
impossibility.
(2) Any possible product liability claims are unaffected by the above
limitations. Insofar as element 5 or the Software Publisher violates an
essential obligation under the agreement, the obligation to pay restitution
is limited to the damages that typically arise.
(3) element 5 makes no guarantees in regard to the Software Publisher's
software products offered via its Web site. Moreover, element 5 does not
guarantee the Affiliate that the operation of its Web sites will be
maintained without interruptions and without errors. Liability is expressly
excluded for the consequences of such interruptions or errors.
§ 7 Agreement period / Cancellation
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's
Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this
Agreement. This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
Either party may cancel this Agreement at any time, with or without
supplying a reason, through written notification or by making suitable
settings in the respective Control Panel.
§ 8 Termination of the agreement
(1) When the agreement ends, all usage rights of the Affiliate and Software
Publisher accorded by this agreement with regard to the provided logos or
Web site contents expire.
(2) Upon termination of the relationship under this agreement, the
Affiliate is obligated to undertake all of the technical measures necessary
to delete from its Web site all links that refer to the Web sites of
element 5 or to the Software Publisher. The same applies upon termination
of Affiliate Management for links of the Software Publisher that were
established in connection with the participation in Affiliate Management on
its Web site.
(3) element 5 is authorized to retain final payment for a reasonable time,
minimum for 30 days after the end of the respective quarter, to ensure that
the correct amount is paid.
Source: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005
Affiliate is only eligible to earn the Advertising Cost Compensation on
sales of Software Publishers Products occurring during the term of this
Agreement and fees earned up to the date termination will remain payable
only if the related orders are not cancelled or returned. If the
Advertising Cost Compensation was previously paid by element 5, it can be
offset or invoiced to Affiliate at element 5's own discretion.
§ 9 Final provisions
(1) Force majeure
If a party is unable to fulfill its obligations under the agreement for
reason of force majeure, it shall immediately inform the other party
thereof and do everything in its power to resume normal operations as
quickly as possible. In such case, the affected party shall not be deemed
to be in breach of contract and cannot be held liable.
(2) Provision for written form
Additional agreements, changes or additions are valid only if element 5 has
confirmed them in writing. The same applies to the warranting of
properties.
(3) Severability clause
If any provision of this agreement is or becomes invalid, the validity of
the remaining provisions shall not be affected. Insofar as a provision is
invalid, the parties will agree on a new provision which comes as close as
possible to the intent of the invalid provision and which is legally valid.
(4) Applicable law and jurisdiction Even in case of agreements with foreign
(non-German) Software Publishers and Affiliates, the law of the Federal
Republic of Germany applies. The place of jurisdiction for all claims
arising in connection with this business relationship is Cologne, Germany.
Source: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005